Garden Control Project

Overview:
An opensource toolkit, that controlls gardening applications, consisting of different modules, which are connected vi WiFi, an can be configured via WebGUI.

The GUI (see mockGUI.png):
The GUI should be a drag and drop interface, which allows the user to configure the modules to his needs.
If for example, a valve should be switched at a certain air humidity level, the user can connect this two modules.
So the user draws a diagram of interaction between the modules.

Architecture:
There is an interface between the GUI and the modules, so that an other GUI can use the actions as well. The interface runs on a computer, for example a Raspberry Pi.
Like this it can serve as a perfect framework for more complex GUIs which allow less user interaction, and therefor require less knowledge
(eg. air temperature and humidity management is automated according to profile).
Modules have different action fields, while sensor and timers have output fields. An action field can serve as an output field as well, to initiate actions depending on
the state of another module. As well there is a function to prioritize different calls to action, so conflicts can be avoided.
The possibility to create a tool, which is able to generate and read profiles for specific plants, a specific setup needs to be choosen,
so that repeatability is given. This means, that modules have to be set up the same way every time, and should be done in a second step,
after completion of the framework.

The hardware design is based on the D1 Mini of Wemos, which contains an ESP Wifi module. A module typically consists of a D1 Mini, and additional hardware specific to its function.
A power module provides DC power (5V), each module contains an input, as well as a power output, which allows to daisy chain different modules. Adapters to multiply power connections can help to improve usability.
The modules are listed down below, the folder modules contains a detailed description of each module.

CrowdSourcing:
http://www.dummies.com/business/start-a-business/crowdsourcing-for-dummies-cheat-sheet/
Corwdsourcing can help us to get work done, especially for areas we are not skilled enough for.

The Modules:
1.Power Module: AC 110/220 in, DC 5V out
2.Scheduler Module
	-Specific Time: every time this time is reached, action is started
	-Repeat Schduler: can be set to an interval to repeat action
	-Light Scheduler: easy drag and drop of bars: two outputs for actions
3.Switch: switches a relay
4.Ebb Flood Controller: controlls ebb-flood table
5.Flip Flop Switch: to use one ballast, for two bulbs
6.Valve Module: solenoid valve that is switched according to schedule or events

The Sensormodules:
1.Temperaturesensor
2.Air Humidity Sensor
3.ph Sensor
4.ec Sensor
5.Water Sensor
6.Level Sensor
7.Soil Moisure Sensor

List of Connections/Actions for Modules:
1.IF: for sensors an IF condiction can be configured
2.Simple connection: connecting a scheduler to an action field
There is a fucntion to prioritize actions, so two contradicting calls from different modules can be handled.
